vim-patch:partial 2d8ed0203aed (#18675)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/syntax.txt

			Doesn't work recursively, thus you can't use
			":colorscheme" in a color scheme script.

You have two options for customizing a color scheme.  For changing the
appearance of specific colors, you can redefine a color name before loading
the scheme.  The desert scheme uses the khaki color for the cursor.  To use a
darker variation of the same color: >

	let v:colornames['khaki'] = '#bdb76b'
	colorscheme desert
<
For further customization, such as changing |:highlight-link| associations,
use another name, e.g.  "~/.config/nvim/colors/mine.vim", and use `:runtime`
to load the original color scheme: >
	runtime colors/evening.vim
	hi Statement ctermfg=Blue guifg=Blue

Before the color scheme will be loaded all default color list scripts
(`colors/lists/default.vim`) will be executed and then the |ColorSchemePre|
autocommand event is triggered.  After the color scheme has been loaded the

> |ColorScheme| autocommand event is triggered.

Reviewer: needs patch 8.2.3562

If a color scheme is almost right, you can add modifications on top of it by
using the |ColorScheme| autocommand.  For example, to remove the background
color (can make it transparent in some terminals): >
	augroup my_colorschemes
	  au!
	  au Colorscheme pablo hi Normal ctermbg=NONE
	augroup END

If you make a lot of changes it might be better to copy the distributed
colorscheme to your home directory and change it: >
	:!cp $VIMRUNTIME/colors/pablo.vim ~/.vim/colors
	:edit ~/.vim/colors/pablo.vim

With Vim 9.0 the collection of color schemes was updated and made work in many
different terminals.  One change was to often define the Normal highlight
group to make sure the colors work well.  In case you prefer the old version,
you can find them here:
https://github.com/vim/colorschemes/blob/master/legacy_colors/

For info about writing a color scheme file: >
	:edit $VIMRUNTIME/colors/README.txt

==============================================================================
14. Highlight command			*:highlight* *:hi* *E28* *E411* *E415*

> There are three types of highlight groups:
> - The ones used for specific languages.  For these the name starts with the
>   name of the language.  Many of these don't have any attributes, but are
>   linked to a group of the second type.
> - The ones used for all syntax languages.
> - The ones used for the 'highlight' option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of highlight groups:
- The ones used for specific languages.  For these the name starts with the
  name of the language.  Many of these don't have any attributes, but are
  linked to a group of the second type.
- The ones used for all syntax languages.
```
